Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Lisa, get back!
Hey!
Wait!
Ben!
- Please, I don't have any money!
- Stop, stop!
He's not infected.
What the hell are you doing?
You trying to get yourself killed?!
Shut up!
You okay?
- What are you doing?
- Ben!
No, I...
What's going on?
Ben, no!
Come on, let go of him!
Come on!
- Come on!
- No!
Come on!
Hey, food's here.
Hey what'd you get?
Lisa, what's going on?
Where's Ben?
Lisa, what happened?
And who's this asshole?
He could be infected, we don't
even know who this guy is.
He doesn't look infected.
Just wait there.
What the hell is going on?
Where is everybody?
- Would someone please tell me?
- Who's that?
How can you not know?
Where've you been?
I don't know!
- I can't remember.
- There was nothing you could have done.
I woke up on a beach and then I...
You woke up on a beach?
Congratulations, this guy
is a complete psycho.
Sam, Ben's dead.
Great!
Shit, what happened?
I can't believe I left him.
Sweetheart, it's going to be okay.
Hey.
You might as well come in...
like you know and join us.
We've got a spare chair.
Come with me.
Don't worry about them.
It's just been a while
since we've met anyone new.
I didn't kill him.
I didn't think you had.
Handing out keys.
Sam!
What?
Look, why don't you sit down.
...into my house.
Where's he gonna stay, huh?
Well, he's not staying my room.
So you really don't know about anything.
Okay, let's start with an easy one.
What's your name?
Dan.
I'm Kate.
How did this happen?
Look, you should sit down.
Who is this guy?
- Huh?
- Shh, it's gonna be fine.
I mean he wakes up on a beach
without any memory.
Does anybody believe that?
Sam!
Well who does he think
he is, Jason Bourne?
There was some sort
of neurological virus.
Everyone thought it was just
the usual media hype, you know.
None expected it to wipe out
half the country.
By the time everyone
realized, it was too late.
I'm sorry, I'm not really used
to explaining this stuff to people.
Is there anything you do remember?
My mom was ill.
She had been getting worse
so I went back to see her.
I was on my way home and...
Nothing.
That's all I remember.
Look, I'm sorry.
Were you followed?
Did you look?
Did you check for soldiers?
Did you see any?
You know we're not supposed to be here.
The whole house is in danger now.
Hey, sorry.
Hey, you okay?
Hmm?
So how does this virus spread?
Well that's the thing, no one knows.
If you survive this long,
you must be immune like we are.
Are you the only ones left?
Most people evacuated to the safe camps,
if they managed to make
it out of the city.
I went in the car with
my dad and my sister.
We were just trying to
get out like everyone else.
People were running into the road,
and screaming, and
attacking each other
and attacking the cars.
And then, one of them
fell in front of our car.
My dad got out and tried to help.
I heard him shout to my sister
to get back in the car,
but they were everywhere.
Then I just heard my sister screaming
but I didn't move.
I didn't do anything.
There's nothing you could've done.
I've seen them.
Sorry, you didn't need
to hear any of that stuff.
You probably need to get some rest.
You can take my room if you'd like.
By the way, I've never told
anyone that stuff before.
I've got a footprint, possible target.
It can't be more than 30 count on foot.
Get Recce sorted and send the UAV.
And get straight on the line to the FOB.
Copy that.
Dan?
Dan, are you okay?
Dropped my spoon.
How's our guest?
Have you got your room back yet?
No, I think he's still asleep.
Come on, hurry up!
- Why?
- I'm hungry!
We really got too fat,
you know even at this time...
You've done really well.
Yeah.
Well, I still do press-ups.
Who likes the vegetable?
Oh, I'm hungry now.
Sam.
Check this out.
- Well, that's easy.
- Ey.
You alright?
Hey.
Talk about a conversation killer.
Sam.
Alright, James upstairs.
Turn the music off.
Frank.
Alright, come on.
Quickly.
Oh fuck, run!
Guys, get outta here.
James should be okay.
Guys, let's get outta here.
I'm getting crushed!
Alright, we're going
to have to let him in.
Guys grab a sheet, we're
gonna have to let him in.
Go grab a sheet.
- James you're gonna be okay.
- I've got the sheet.
On the count of three, two, one,
everyone get out of the way!
Ready?
Three, two, one, go!
Go!
Let him go.
Lisa, where's that knife?
Where's that knife?
- Let him go!
- I got it.
Shit.
Now!
Could someone gimme a hand here?
Come on.
I hurt my head...
You just took that.
Adi, stop slapping me!
- Your sister won!
- Shut up, fatboy!
Hey...
- Want a beer, anyone?
- Yeah, I'll have one.
Look...
I know it's a lot seeking.
But we have to find a way
dealing with stuff.
We are good people, you know?
Umm.
Just...
Came to get this. Coconuts.
You coming then?
I'll be there in a minute.
- That is not a beer, James!
- No, it's a coconut.
Don't give me that look.
Adi, stop slapping me!
You messed up my hair!
Adi, stop it!
- This coconut looks like it got face.
- Why?
Oh, looks like...
Cheer you go, little guy.
- This would make a little sweat...
- Oh, what do you now, huh?
Not this again!
Great, I got a slap happy sister
at one side
and a fucking suffragette on the other!
Do you have any idea
how tough it is being a woman?
- Well, do you know...
- Oh, do you?
So, how you feeling?
Getting better.
Don't worry, we'll look after them.
Ok, buddy...
Everybody such a...
Oh, my ass!
Oh, my ass.
Somebody else?
Welcome to the end of the world.
That was fun.
James, I don't mean to be rudeing,
but this is all you do?
Why are you staying here?
Why didn't we evacuate with the army?
Isn't there anywhere safer on city?
We talk about it.
My Granny got a place,
out in the country.
This is our home, we're not leaving.
We're works here, we've got
everything we need.
We've got food, got a company...
We've got beer.
Okay, you clean up.
- Me?
- Yeah, of course.
- Stop like this.
- Well, I'm helping.
You need to chill out, babe.
Heeey....
Just get off...
- This is the time to...
- Oh, shut up you!
Aww, shit! My balls.
So I notice that you getting on
quite nicely with beach boy...
Whatever, Sam.
What! Jungle's up there?
Hey, where's the bottle of vodka?
- Who's the alien now?
- You, baby.
- Chop me a beer?
- No.
Sorry, sorry.
Anyway...
What are you doing?
I think that's a bit cool, you moron.
Why? Why don't you say please?
- Please?
- Alright.
Oh, shit!
What the fuck!?
What!
- Are you okay?
- You bleeding.
Adi!
- James, get a towel!
- I'm okay, I'm fine, I'm okay.
- Please, seriously, I'm fine.
- Hold this on your head.
- Just hold still, please.
- Just fuck off, alright?
Fine, but no one else
will help you here.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
That was my last pack.
Why did she do that for?
She doesn't do that much.
Well, ever.
I'll tell you what,
she was smashing shocked, though.
She's a ballsy girls, but I'm...
Surprised she had a ball to do that.
For God's sake.
Morning, guys.
Oh, shit!
What did I say to Kate?
You mean you don't remember,
"Jason Bourne"?
Mind your head, pond capt.
That's not funny, Sam.
Kate...
What do you call?
Ten thousand blocks.
- 35 million, hit-lock.
- Yeah, George W. Bush.
I just... I'm done.
Alright.
Sorry.
Hey Sam, put your nuts away.
I hurt my tooth.
You idiot.
Nuts are how you get muscles like these.
- You wouldn't understand.
- Woah.
Where are my cigarettes?!
Fucking hiding them from me!
That's my fucking
weed tin, what the hell?
Where are my cigarettes?
I don't know.
You had them last, where are they?
Jesus!
Oh, you fucking jerk!
Hey, calm down!
I'm sorry about last night.
Why did Adi hit you?
I don't know.
Okay.
- I've never good in talking.
- Yeah, I noticed.
- He has them, I know he has them!
- Whoa.
Jesus Christ. I sworn
I had one about half an hour ago.
I put the rest of them back.
- Where are they now then?
- Where you had them before.
I've looked everywhere, they're nowhere!
What's wrong with you?
- Ugh!
- Hey, what the hell are you doing?
You have them, just give them back!
When the hell did
you become this strong?
- Get off me, Sam!
- Whoa, whoa.
- Adi, that's enough!
- How dare you, prick!
I know you're my sister,
but you do not talk to me like that!
Please calm down.
I wanna let go of you
but stop struggling!
Listen to me.
Why are you acting like this?
Give me my cigarettes!
Why are you lying to me?
No one's lying to you.
Stop struggling.
Thanks for that, by the way.
Thought she was gonna fuck bollocks off
for a second there.
She's fine.
She's just a little... she's tense.
There's something definitely not right.
Kate's got a point.
What point does Kate have?
I'm saying nothing.
No you're not,
- that's right.
- Sorry, okay?
You're saying nothing.
I think maybe you need to
just have a chat or something.
Hey.
How are you?
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
You don't really look it, Adi.
You're acting very violent
at the moment.
I mean, your skin's really blotchy
and you're angry all the
time, I'm just worried.
Is it 'cause you're stuck indoors?
What's wrong?
I really think you should go, Sam.
Your eyes,
can I see them?
Get out, please?
How the fuck did this happen?
Get out!
Do you think she's turned?
No.
She's not coping with it well.
She'll be fine, she just needs rest.
Well, I hope so.
No!
Let me look at them, let me see.
Guys!
Guys, get in here!
She's infected.
- We gotta get her arms.
- Okay.
Adi, calm down, please.
She's not moving anymore.
She's got a pulse.
Help me carry her.
Is she ever gonna stop?
No.
Can't we help her?
What can we do?
There's only one way
to help her, isn't there?
If it was any one of us,
we know what he'd done.
And he would've done it already.
Where are you going?
I'm going to the toilet.
Open the window!
- Get her off!
- Club her off.
Sam.
Let her go.
Good book?
Yeah.
Yup, really good.
Really good.
Treasure Island, huh?
That's right.
Oh, almost.
'Sup mate?
You alright, Stephen?
Mmhm.
You alright guys?
What are you up to?
Hitting that snail.
That one?
Yup.
What you doing?
Oh, something about suicide.
Come on, you can't go out there.
If I stay here I'm gonna kill him.
Just give it a bit of time okay?
Wait.
Shit.
Where's he gone?
Just gone out for a bit.
What?
Where's the food?
We ate it, James.
We got nothing then.
Well let's go get some.
There's a Harpers on
the other side of town.
But look how far away that is.
We're here.
So, we'll just cut across Queen's Park.
I mean there's enough of us.
Cool, okay.
I think I'll stay here
and guard the house.
Yeah, okay.
Let's do it.
- Fine, let's go.
- Okay, let's go.
I'm staying here.
Why is it so quiet?
Great, now what?
James, shut up.
Oh come on guys, we've
seen worse than that.
Let's find another way in.
Lotus, I just entered into the building.
Watch your line of fire.
Eyes and ears, lads.
- There's some stairs over here.
- No, room staff from this way.
Oh, shit!
Soldiers.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna have to go this way.
Where are we gonna meet?
Back at the house.
Okay.
Halt!
The Alpha Team that way.
Take the corners!
Exit east side, ground floor!
Have Dan and Lisa got back yet?
Look, Dan.
Oh, it's not right.
We need it.
Can't believe...
Target sighted with Caucasian female.
Permission to fire, over.
Proceed with orders.
Copy that, out.
Dan!
No I'm not guessing,
I'm telling you they're alive.
You're asking me to do is
risk everyone in here for them.
We have to go and find them.
They're our friends.
Well, they're probably dead.
Alright come on, let's go.
That's what you want.
Guys, get your shit together now!
We are leaving!
Where are we going?
James' gram's!
We're gonna need weapons!
Shit.
Everything?
Uh huh.
Where are the knives?
Oh, shit.
Back door, back door, let's go now!
- Stephen, Treasure Island.
- Thank you.
Get up, come on, quick!
Come on, come on, get up, get up.
Come on!
Halt!
Shit!
Come on, Satch.
Come on.
Target neutralized.
Kid wasn't coming for tea neither.
All units on standby.
A group of unidentified...
Scratch that, target's on the move.
Shit.
Bravo Six, what's your position?
Over.
Bravo Six we didn't copy
that, what's your position?
Over.
All units standby, over.
Can you repeat last transmission?
Over.
I repeat, Bravo Six is down.
All units standby.
Roger that, out.
Wait for transport, standing by.
Channel seven.
This is an air support channel only.
Copy that.
Sorry, darling.
Romeo zero-niner for hotel one,
we're losing visuals from the heli
heading west past Enterprise Point.
Is there anyone on the ground?
Over.
Romeo zero-niner continue search.
Targets remain a priority.
Why are they still chasing us?
We're gonna have to
wait for it to go past.
Let's just stay put.
Alright, back, back, get back!
Dan!
Fuck.
That helicopter's following you.
Lisa?
Not that way.
Come on.
Follow me.
You guys take that one.
I got this one.
Get down.
We're gonna have to another way around.
Yeah, we are.
Back up.
Pass me a stone.
When I throw this, we run.
What was that?
Go, go, go!
Did you hear that?
Fucking seagulls.
Guys.
My feet really hurt.
Woah.
You can see the whole city from here.
I can't believe I dropped my glasses.
You idiot.
Look, is that our house?
Where?
Oh yeah!
There it is.
Did anyone get any food?
No, there's nothing left remember?
I got some.
Nice one, Dan.
Where'd all this come from?
Mmm.
These peas have artificial
coloring in them.
Why do you need artificial
coloring in peas?
All units standby.
Activating generator five.
This thing better bloody work.
Can anyone else hear that?
No.
What are we listening for?
What?
It's nothing, let's go.
Keep going.
Shouldn't we be going that way?
No, there's a safe camp there.
Besides we're here, so we've
gotta go straight down there,
up the hill, through those trees.
Really?
Are you sure?
Hang on, which hill?
Right.
We came out here...
So it's about the same.
No, not at all.
We've come out from this direction
so it's gotta be that way.
No no no, it's gotta be this way.
We're heading northwest,
that's the whole point.
We started east then we go northwest
for the rest of the journey.
Look, trust me.
James, we've been over this before.
Oh yeah, right.
- He's right...
- Oh my God.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Run, don't look back!
Shit!
Run!
Hold your fire!
Hold!
Open fire!
Get down!
Stay down, just play dead!
Come on they've gone past,
let's move now!
Shit, where are they all coming from?
Fall back, there's too many!
Repeat, fall back!
Run!
Retreat to the RV, now!
Stovich, come on!
Retreat!
You need to get the fuck...
Oh fuck, I don't get
paid enough for this shit!
Move the fuck away!
Move that way!
Fall back!
Run!
Help me!
Move!
Come on.
Can we go to the pub now?
Come on, let's go.
Gotcha!
Fall back, fall back!
We're compromised, retreat!
Go go run go go!
This isn't safe.
What else are we gonna
do, freeze to death?
How slowly you reading that?
Have we got any food left?
Oi, Dan.
- Hm?
- Food?
Yeah we might have some.
Stephen?
Mmm.
Beans?
Probably just some animals.
Come on.
Let's get some sleep.
Up the dose to 20.
He's starting to respond.
Keep him under full observation.
You'll be getting out at 500 feet.
Entering the search area.
Leveled imagery activated.
Morning, hello?
Just anything other than cold beans.
Yeah, tell me about it.
I used to be a chef, you know?
So anything you want.
A chef?
You used to be a chef?
- What can you cook?
- I used to work
in a couple of pubs.
Do you do quiche?
Come on, Dan.
We eat faster.
Yeah, hurry up.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
You sure?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just, I don't know how to say it.
When Lisa...
Dan, you can tell me,
I'm not gonna judge you.
I found my photo on
the body of a soldier.
What?
I think they're looking for me.
They're following you?
Sam.
They're following
you, you son of a bitch?
- Sam.
- Huh?
Who the hell are you?
Sam don't do this.
Just calm down!
Come on, who are you?
- Sam don't do this!
- Guys shut up!
What the fuck do you know?
Sam, just let him talk!
Sam, let him talk.
No.
Sam.
Come on Sam, leave it.
This isn't gonna help.
Fucking stay outta this, you prick!
I'm gonna kick the shit out of him.
Dan, you're gonna kill him!
Dan!
- Dan, Dan!
- Come on, get off me!
Let him go.
Dan, off!
Like he could hurt me anyway.
Enough.
No, not fucking enough!
I told you.
I fuckin' told you.
I told all of you this whole time.
There's something about him.
He's why Adi died.
He's why the military came
and I fucking said it.
I fucking said it from day one!
Didn't I?
So what do you know?
Are you just gonna be
honest now and tell us?
I don't know anything.
You don't know anything.
Yeah, I've heard that one before.
I don't know anything.
I don't know why they're looking for me.
Don't you ever keep stuff from us again.
Stephen!
No!
Stephen.
It's gonna be fine.
Kate.
You'll be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
I'm so sorry guys.
No, you don't have to be sorry.
You'll be fine.
He just came out of nowhere.
I'm sorry.
Are you sure it's this way?
Do you want the map?
Hey, careful.
Give me the gun.
Tie him up, James.
We have an unconfirmed
sighting of target
and secondary target
just at five-nine-five.
Bravo Six I've lost contact
with that boy
who reported the sighting.
We're gonna have to move fast
on this one.
Shoot to kill!
Seven Three to Tango Two,
we are on approach to drop zone.
ETA four minutes.
Why are you looking for us?
Why are you looking for him?
Don't you fucking think I won't!
He was infected, alright?
He was infected?
He was given a prototype vaccine.
It worked and then he
escaped the research center.
Did he?
So what's the problem?
Look right and the other patients
were given the same cure.
The virus just mutated or something.
Now it's 10 times worse.
Now even the immune
could be infected now.
And you, you're still infected with it.
You could wipe out what's
left of this fucking country.
How do we know we're not infected?
Give it two weeks, mate.
Don't make a sound.
Dan.
If I hand myself in,
will you let them go?
Come on.
Guys.
What's up, Dan?
I'm gonna head back that way.
See if I can draw some of them away.
Then what?
Catch up with you later, okay?
Dan, you can't lie to me.
I'll see you later.
Do what you gotta do, Jason Bourne.
Good luck.
No.
Boy!
Over here, now!
Get on your knees.
It's not your lucky day, sunshine.
Do you know how many men
have died looking for you?
Ow!
I'm gonna enjoy blowing
your fucking head off!
Added 110 missing lines and corrected
by H@w-to-kiLL @subscene.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org